Hi Vogue, it's Kendall Jenner, and today
[music] I'm going to show you around my
closet. Come in.
This is where I come every day to get
dressed or to pack for a big trip or to
do fittings with my stylist. I shot my
house for Architectural Digest like 6
years ago and they took a photo of this
room. The photo haunts me to this day. I
can't stand looking at it. It's very
colorful and the last thing and there
should be a side-by-side because it's
not as colorful anymore. And a lot more
organized.
Should we start with some purses? I
don't know if anybody [music] feels me,
but it is the hardest thing in the world
to figure out how to store bags
sometimes, [music] especially smaller
ones. Obviously, the bigger bags are
more displayed, but all my little baby
bags, I don't know any other way but to
just store them kind of like a
bookshelf. So, this is good as it's
going to get. So many of these bags are
like
very, very, very I mean, everything is
used, which I love and I think I don't
like to be overly stuffed up. In my
closet in general, I have pretty much
mostly The Row. You obviously spend a
lot of money on these bags, but they're
so interchangeable. You can wear them
with literally anything. This is not
paid. This is for real. I love these
little these little bags they're doing
right now. It's a little suede. Well,
when I'm going out, I don't have that
much. I have my lipstick and maybe a
little powder and then my credit card
and it all fits. It's perfect. I
got this Hermes squish. That's what I
call it. I don't think that's the proper
name, but I got this recently as a gift
and this is a really
really cool bag. I feel like if I was a
bag, I'd be this bag. Like I love it so
much. But also like look at this little
guy. My mom got this for me when I was a
baby. Kylie has one, too. Still have
her. Never getting rid of her. Nothing
fits in this actually to answer your
question, but it's fun to have and a
little memory.
I am insanely organized. It's like
actually a pleasure and an obsession of
mine. So, my closets are categorized.
So, we have tops here. It goes from tank
tops to long sleeves and short sleeves.
You'll notice it's a little bit more
muted, which I love cuz I think that
that also prompts me to have more basics
and things that I could rewear and
rewear and rewear, but I also have my
staple colors. I'd say like the reds,
the blues, and the greens are like my
favorite colors and I love to throw them
into my wardrobe. I feel like a great
leather jacket you could have for life.
So, having my leather jacket collection
has been very important and it's been
grown very meticulously. Actually, my
favorite and people have probably seen
me wear it a lot. I don't know what it
is. I think it's the fit, but also the
way it lays and the slouch that it has.
It's a Phoebe Philo leather and it's
beautiful. You probably won't ever not
see me in this. Oh, I also just got this
really good Gucci. How beautiful is
that? I just got this like 2 days ago.
I'm so excited to wear it. It's like
skin tight and just perfect.
>> [music]
>> Considering it is currently sweater
weather, I feel like we should talk
about sweaters. I love a good sweater.
This one I've been wearing a lot. It's
just simple gray. It's The Row, but
[music]
so soft and cozy and like the perfect
fit ever. And I love to style my
sweaters with a button-up. That's why
they're all right next to each other cuz
I'll sit here and I'll like mix colors
and stuff. Or even like if it's cold
enough, I'll be wearing a coat and I'll
use the sweater as a scarf and throw it
over my shoulder or as a belt. I just
love layering with sweaters in general.
They're the best and to have them handy.
I'm always cold, so I love a good
layering. Scarves and beanies, hats. Oh,
you want to see my favorite hat right
now? I don't even know what to call
this, but it's like beanie. It's knit,
so it's like beanie material, but it's a
little bucket hat and it's
my favorite thing ever. I love it so
much.
I've always been the person to
prioritize comfort, but I think that
when I was younger, I was just actually
looking at photos from 2016 cuz I feel
like everybody is on this 2016 trend
right now. First of all, my staff,
please don't go back in time because it
was so bad. But I was always wearing
like major heels, like massive heels,
everywhere I went and I remember that
time me thinking to myself like a heel
made the outfit. And that is just so not
the case for me anymore. Definitely
prioritize my comfort. The more
comfortable I am, the happier I am. And
actually, the hotter I feel. Truly.
To have [music] a great fitted jean will
never get old. And when I find a jean
that I'm like, "Wow, this is perfect."
It will never leave my closet. But yeah,
speaking on
tailoring, like also finding a good like
these old I think these are Gucci, too.
When you find like a vintage pair that
fits you like a glove, again, you'll
never want to get rid of it. And these
are just such a good basic pant. They're
long. I can't always find things that
are long enough for me. When it comes to
>> [music]
>> style within my family at least, I have
different style choices than some of
them and so sometimes I'll definitely
walk into like a family dinner, one or
two of them will be like,
"This is cool. What is this?" You know,
kind of a little side eye action, but I
could care less. I like when I love
something, I love something. I don't
know. I can't think of one thing. I do
know that there's things in here that
I've bought that have sat here. Or like
hand-me-downs. Like I think Kim gave me
these. But like I'm not going to wear
it. Like where am I going to go? I'd
have to be going somewhere very specific
to wear these, but they're these old
Dior pants and I'm [music] obsessed with
them, but I just have to find the right
place to go is the problem. I'll get
there, I promise. Same with these Dior
pants. Like I've got to wear these. So,
disclaimer, these are coming to Aspen
with [music] me sometime soon.
What else? Oh, these were my mom's. My
mom gave these to me. These are a
hand-me-down, but they're so beautiful.
Are they Gucci or what are they?
Another product. My mom has really good
flat boot game. She has given me another
pair that's not in this house, but
they're also I think those ones are
Gucci and
>> [music]
>> they're just so good. She's a She's a
boot person.
So, I trust her with that. And most worn
boot heel for me are these
Guccis.
And these are vintage. I found them The
heel has like popped off a million times
cuz I've just worn the out of them.
Look, they're like falling apart. But
they're just so sleek and so good. And
you know, now like I don't know if this
is [music] getting older or
the fact that I'm I can be like 6'3 real
quick if I'm wearing heels that are too
tall, but
>> [music]
>> these like this height is like my go-to
now. I don't like to go over like 4 in.
4 in is like my max. It's the best cuz
I'm comfortable all night, but I still
feel hot in my little heel [music]
and I can still
groove
and move.
This Louis Vuitton [music]
bag is by Virgil Abloh and it is a super
special piece in my closet. It [music]
is from spring/summer 2020. It's so
stunningly beautiful. It's something
that I actually have not worn yet, but
I've owned since
the moment it walked. I'm scared to
travel with it almost, but I love having
it in my closet. I look at it every day.
It reminds me of the [music] Virgil was
such an uplifter. I think that he wanted
you to feel like the best version of
yourself and whatever that looked like,
he was supportive [music] of, which was
one of the best and most beautiful
things about him. So, I'm happy and I'm
honored that it lives in my closet. I
just [music] bought myself this for my
30th birthday. My dream Any Hermes bags
[music] that I own, I'm like very
particular about the ones that I have. I
love really old ones. I have one up
here. I'll grab it. They're super worn,
these Kellys, and the leather's like
super crunchy and I love when like the
leather cracks and there's scratches and
there's scuffs and the corners are all
messed up. Like this is so
>> [music]
>> chic to me and so beautiful.
This [music] shoe wall is really my like
my everyday. They're my basic heels that
go with everything. They're my basic
loafers and flats. Like I love a ballet
flat. And then some specialty things, of
course, but
>> [music]
>> I really like to keep it to what I wear
regularly. I have some good like vintage
boots down here. Another
find out in the world. What are these
actually? Couldn't even tell you. I
can't pronounce this. But whoever made
them
>> [music]
>> really did their did their thing.
Speaking of highest boot, these are
probably the highest in this closet
right now. They're high. They're pointy.
They're hot and amazing.
And I'm so grateful they came into my
life. Most worn shoe in my entire
[music] shoe collection is this one.
These are The Row. I'm probably going to
get in trouble or something because I
think these were sample shoes. It still
has all the the handwriting in them that
they had loaned me for a look.
I never gave them back. [music]
Please don't be mad at me. I wear them
every day and they're my favorite and
they're [music] so worn in, you guys.
Like
they're perfect. They're the perfect
loafer, actually. I think styling a
loafer is so different. Like I've
definitely worn an oversized baggy
button-up where you like I'm wearing
like tiny shorts that you can't even see
under and then a loafer and that I
didn't wear socks with. But then also
like I've worn a little dress with a
loafer and a little like ankle sock. I
have so [music] much like saved style
stuff about like girls wearing like a
long pant or a jean and then like a red
sock with their loafer or a yellow sock
with their loafer. Like I think that's
really cute.
So, this is kind of the final section in
the entire closet. This is where I have
my long hanging and right now it is all
dresses, but sometimes this [music]
converts into like it'll be like half
long dresses and then styled looks. This
is where I'll be like these are my ready
to go looks, essentially. Some of it's
super random. Like some of them are just
random dresses. Like this is an old Look
at how old this little Valentino dress
is. I would wear this to like a picnic,
you know? Or like I don't I would wear
this to go to the grocery store. Oh, I
just got this old This vintage Donna
Karan like robe. I'm obsessed. Like look
at these sleeves, [music] you guys. I
definitely like I'll watch movies
sometimes and think, "Wow, like that's a
really beautiful silhouette." Most of
that comes from Audrey Hepburn movies
when she was wearing all the Givenchy.
Like those [music] silhouettes are so
stunning. But I don't know. I think
right now I'm looking at a lot of Slim
Keith. I think she's like the coolest.
And I love her style. Yeah, I'm always
kind of like looking
for new inspiration. I was watching Sex
and the City and I saw [music] Carrie.
She had the cute She always has the
cutest outfits on. But this outfit stuck
with me for some reason. She had this
like multicolored poncho situation, but
it was like flowy and silky and cute.
And then I found this one [music] that
looks kind of similar to the one she was
wearing in the show.
>> [music]
>> And I think it's Moschino. Yeah, it's
Moschino.
And it's just so good. I don't know
where I'm going, but I love it. And I
can't wait to wear it.
Thanks for watching my closet tour. I
hope you guys enjoyed. I'll see you
later.
>> [music]
[music]